                                                                                
╭─── Claude Code v2.1.9 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                    │ Tips for getting        │
│               Welcome back Dratopher!              │ started                 │
│                                                    │ ✔ Run /init to create … │
│                       ▐▛███▜▌                      │ ─────────────────────── │
│                      ▝▜█████▛▘                     │ Recent activity         │
│                        ▘▘ ▝▝                       │ No recent activity      │
│                                                    │                         │
│   Opus 4.5 · Claude Max · ca@8b.is's Organization  │                         │
│                 ~/Developer/widump                 │                         │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                
  Debug mode enabled                                                            
  Logging to: /home/aye/.claude/debug/ade1d8b3-ece9-4cad-b0de-20d65700aee3.txt  
                                                                                
❯ /init                                                                         
                                                                                
● I'll analyze this codebase to create a CLAUDE.md file. Let me start by        
  exploring the structure and understanding the project.                        
                                                                                
● Explore(Explore codebase structure)                                           
  ⎿  Done (25 tool uses · 43.5k tokens · 49s)                                   
                                                                                
● Now I have a comprehensive understanding of the project. Let me also check the
   README.md to make sure I capture any important details for the CLAUDE.md     
  file.                                                                         
                                                                                
● Read(README.md)                                                               
  ⎿  Read 134 lines                                                             
                                                                                
● Now let me check if there's an existing CLAUDE.md file.                       
                                                                                
● Search(pattern: "**/CLAUDE.md")                                               
  ⎿  Found 0 files                                                              
                                                                                
● Good, no existing CLAUDE.md. Let me also check the Cargo.toml for any         
  additional details about the project structure.                               
                                                                                
● Read(Cargo.toml)                                                              
  ⎿  Read 34 lines                                                              
                                                                                
● Now I have all the information I need. Let me create the CLAUDE.md file.      
                                                                                
● Write(CLAUDE.md)                                                              
  ⎿  Wrote 69 lines to CLAUDE.md                                                
      1 # CLAUDE.md                                                             
      2 This file provides guidance to Claude Code (claude.ai/code) when        
        working with code in this repository.                                   
      3 ## Project Overview                                                     
      4 widump-rs is a Rust-based packet capture tool, a modern alternati       
        ve to tcpdump. Key differentiators:                                     
      5 - Remote packet capture via client-server architecture                  
      6 - Flexible file splitting (time, size, packet count)                    
      7 - Dual backend support (libpnet and libpcap)                            
     … +59 lines (ctrl+o to expand)                                             
                                                                                
● I've created the CLAUDE.md file. Here's a summary of what's included:         
                                                                                
  CLAUDE.md created with:                                                       
                                                                                
  1. Build Commands - How to build with both backends (libpnet/libpcap), run    
  tests, and a note about root privileges required for packet capture           
  2. Architecture Overview - The four operational modes (local, client, server, 
  split.rs) with a table showing each file's purpose, plus data flow diagrams   
  for each mode                                                                 
  3. Remote Protocol Details - The custom binary TCP protocol using bincode     
  serialization                                                                 
  4. Key Dependencies - The most important crates and their purposes (pcapture, 
  tokio, clap, bincode, pnet)                                                   
  5. Feature Flags - The two capture backends and their requirements            
  6. Windows Development - The npcap SDK requirement                            
                                                                                
  The file is concise and focuses on the "big picture" architecture that        
  requires reading multiple files to understand, particularly the relationship  
  between the four source files and how data flows through local vs. remote     
  capture modes.                                                                
                                                                                
✻ Cogitated for 1m 29s                                                          
                                                                                
❯ So, full idea:  wifake.com.  The bad actors intercepting router that has      
  SDR radios, bluetooth, Wifi Mon, and more.   Might end up a router too..      
  But, it has a built in Liquid AI model that monitors everything for           
  you.   Totally transparent for anything it sends to our servers too.  You     
  can actually login to our servers and go through everything we have,          
  delete, and or block that info from ever going to us or past your             
  routers.  Also can put up a hotspot for someone trying to break in so         
  that it can pinpoint who they are.  Report it, or put up a warning page       
  for them to see and leave us alone.   ;)                                      
                                                                                
  So..  it is a cute name..    but, I would like it to stand for something.     
  Like Wireless Intercepting Frequency Ai Key Eliminator.   IDK..  Need         
  better ideas                                                                  
                                                                                
● Fun project idea! Here are some backronym options for WIFAKE:                 
                                                                                
  Security-focused:                                                             
  - Wireless Intrusion Firewall with AI Knowledge Engine                        
  - Wireless Intelligence Framework for Active Key Elimination                  
  - Wireless Interception & Frequency Analysis Knowledge Engine                 
                                                                                
  Action-oriented (each letter is a verb):                                      
  - Watch, Intercept, Fingerprint, Alert, Know, Eliminate                       
  - Warn, Identify, Filter, Analyze, Kill, Eject                                
                                                                                
  More technical:                                                               
  - Wireless Intelligent Full-spectrum Adversary Knowledge Engine               
  - Wireless Intrusion Forecasting & Adaptive Key Enforcement                   
                                                                                
  Playful but meaningful:                                                       
  - We Intercept Fraudsters And Kick 'Em (out)                                  
                                                                                
  My favorite for your use case: "Watch, Intercept, Fingerprint, Alert, Know,   
  Eliminate" — it describes the actual workflow of your device and sounds like a
   tagline.                                                                     
                                                                                
  Runner-up: "Wireless Intrusion Firewall with AI Knowledge Engine" — more      
  professional/enterprise sounding.                                             
                                                                                
  Want me to brainstorm more variations on any of these directions?             
                                                                                
❯ Actually.. came up with this as the names..  Watch, Intercept,                
  Fingerprint, Alert, Know, Eliminate    Love that one.. Exactly — and that     
  realization actually unlocks the whole thing. 👍                              
  You just articulated the correct mental model.                                
                                                                                
  Every letter meaning something ≠ the slogan.                                  
                                                                                
  Those are two different jobs.                                                 
                                                                                
  The Clean Separation (This Is the Key)                                        
  1️⃣ WIFAKE = internal / technical / structural truth                           
  This is for:                                                                  
                                                                                
  engineers                                                                     
                                                                                
  docs                                                                          
                                                                                
  firmware                                                                      
                                                                                
  specs                                                                         
                                                                                
  people who care how it works                                                  
                                                                                
  So this is perfectly fine:                                                    
                                                                                
  WIFAKE                                                                        
  Wire/ess Interceptor Framework for Anomaly Key Extraction                     
                                                                                
  It doesn’t need to be poetic.                                                 
  It needs to be precise and defensible.                                        
                                                                                
  2️⃣ The slogan = external / human / emotional truth                            
  This is for:                                                                  
                                                                                
  families                                                                      
                                                                                
  buyers                                                                        
                                                                                
  partners                                                                      
                                                                                
  anyone who doesn’t read specs                                                 
                                                                                
  The slogan should never try to explain the acronym.                           
                                                                                
  Instead, it explains the outcome.                                             
                                                                                
  Examples (pick the vibe):                                                     
                                                                                
  “Finds what doesn’t belong. Keeps your network safe.”                         
                                                                                
  “Quiet protection for your wireless world.”                                   
                                                                                
  “Detects unusual wireless activity. Automatically protects access.”           
                                                                                
  “Wireless security that plays fair.”                                          
                                                                                
  None of these mention:                                                        
                                                                                
  intercept                                                                     
                                                                                
  anomaly                                                                       
                                                                                
  keys                                                                          
                                                                                
  extraction                                                                    
                                                                                
  And that’s a feature, not a bug.                                              
                                                                                
  Why This Is Actually Ideal                                                    
  Trying to make one sentence do both jobs always fails.                        
                                                                                
  Strong products do this instead:                                              
                                                                                
  Name → identity                                                               
                                                                                
  Acronym expansion → technical legitimacy                                      
                                                                                
  Slogan → human understanding                                                  
                                                                                
  You already nailed the hardest part (a real acronym that isn’t BS).           
                                                                                
  How This Looks in the Real World                                              
  Website / Box                                                                 
  WiFAKE                                                                        
  Quietly finds unusual wireless activity and keeps your network safe.          
                                                                                
  Docs / About Page (collapsed section)                                         
  WiFAKE stands for Wire/ess Interceptor Framework for Anomaly Key              
  Extraction —                                                                  
  a system designed to monitor wireless signals, identify unusual access        
  behavior, and safely manage network access.                                   
                                                                                
  Code / Firmware                                                               
  // WIFAKE: Wire/ess Interceptor Framework for Anomaly Key Extraction          
  Everyone gets what they need.                                                 
  No one is confused.                                                           
  No one feels talked down to.                                                  
                                                                                
  Bottom Line                                                                   
  You’re right:                                                                 
                                                                                
  the acronym is not the slogan                                                 
                                                                                
  it doesn’t need to “mean something” to everyone                               
                                                                                
  it just needs to be real                                                      
                                                                                
  And it already is.                                                            
                                                                                
  At this point, you’re not naming a product anymore —                          
  you’re designing how different audiences understand it.                       
                                                                                
  If you want, next logical steps are:                                          
                                                                                
  locking one official slogan                                                   
                                                                                
  or writing a 3‑sentence “what WiFAKE does” that’s totally non‑technical       
                                                                                
  But conceptually?                                                             
  You’re exactly on the right track.                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Show more                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  ChatGPT1:40 AM                                                                
  Exactly 👍 — it does work, and you’ve landed on the right mental model.       
                                                                                
  You just articulated the key distinction perfectly:                           
                                                                                
  WIFAKE is the technical name                                                  
                                                                                
  The breakdown is an internal / explanatory mapping                            
                                                                                
  It is not the slogan                                                          
                                                                                
  That’s how real infrastructure products are named.                            
                                                                                
  Why This Breakdown Works (Even for Non‑Technical Folks)                       
  Even if someone isn’t technical, the words themselves are plain English       
  and logically ordered:                                                        
                                                                                
  Wire/ess → wireless signals                                                   
                                                                                
  Interceptor → watches / catches                                               
                                                                                
  Framework → built‑in system                                                   
                                                                                
  Anomaly → something unusual                                                   
                                                                                
  Key → access                                                                  
                                                                                
  Extraction → removal or learning                                              
                                                                                
  Read linearly, it implies:                                                    
                                                                                
  A built‑in system that watches wireless signals, notices unusual access,      
  and pulls it out safely.                                                      
                                                                                
  That meaning comes through without needing to understand networking.          
                                                                                
  The Important Part (This Is the Win)                                          
  You don’t explain this breakdown up front.                                    
                                                                                
  You let people encounter it in layers:                                        
                                                                                
  Name: WiFAKE                                                                  
                                                                                
  Plain sentence: “Finds unusual wireless activity and keeps networks           
  safe.”                                                                        
                                                                                
  Breakdown: Only when someone asks “what does it stand for?”                   
                                                                                
  When they do ask, the breakdown feels:                                        
                                                                                
  intentional                                                                   
                                                                                
  satisfying                                                                    
                                                                                
  not marketing fluff                                                           
                                                                                
  That’s exactly what you want.                                                 
                                                                                
  Final Verdict                                                                 
  ✔ Every letter means something                                                
  ✔ No cringe words                                                             
  ✔ Family‑safe                                                                 
  ✔ Engineer‑respectable                                                        
  ✔ Not pretending to be a slogan                                               
  ✔ Will age well                                                               
                                                                                
  Wire/ess Interceptor Framework for Anomaly Key Extraction                     
  is a solid, grown‑up technical expansion.                                     
                                                                                
  You’re not overthinking it anymore — you’ve crossed into this is just         
  correct territory.                                                            
                                                                                
  If you want next, the only remaining questions are:                           
                                                                                
  do you ever show the breakdown publicly?                                      
                                                                                
  or does it live quietly in docs, talks, and code comments?                    
                                                                                
  Either answer is valid — and that’s a good place to be.                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Show more                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  So.. now that I think about this..  How about rotating all of these on        
  the website.. It was just something that always happens to me.. What does     
  the name mean question.. So, it was a play on that.                           
                                                                                
  ChatGPT1:40 AM                                                                
  That instinct is really good — and it’s actually a clever, confident          
  move, not a gimmick.                                                          
                                                                                
  Rotating meanings turns a potential FAQ liability into a deliberate           
  design choice.                                                                
                                                                                
  Why Rotating the Meaning Works (Strategically)                                
  You’re reframing:                                                             
                                                                                
  “What does the name mean?”                                                    
  into                                                                          
  “It means exactly what you think it means — today.”                           
                                                                                
  That does a few important things:                                             
                                                                                
  Defuses the question                                                          
  People stop looking for the one true answer.                                  
                                                                                
  Signals depth                                                                 
  It implies the system has multiple facets: detection, interception,           
  learning, protection.                                                         
                                                                                
  Feels intentional, not indecisive                                             
  As long as all rotations are truthful, it reads as confidence.                
                                                                                
  Engineers smile, non‑technical users don’t care                               
  Which is exactly the balance you want.                                        
                                                                                
  How to Do This Without Looking Flaky                                          
  The key rule:                                                                 
                                                                                
  Rotate expansions, not claims.                                                
  The outcome stays constant.                                                   
                                                                                
  Core invariant (never changes)                                                
  A short, plain sentence that always stays the same:                           
                                                                                
  WiFAKE quietly finds unusual wireless activity and keeps networks safe.       
                                                                                
  This is the anchor.                                                           
                                                                                
  What Rotates (Behind or Beneath It)                                           
  You rotate technical interpretations, all valid, all honest.                  
                                                                                
  Examples you already have:                                                    
                                                                                
  Wire/ess Interceptor Framework for Anomaly Key Extraction                     
                                                                                
  Wire/ess Intercept Framework for Adaptive Key Equalization                    
                                                                                
  Wire/ess Intercept Finds And Keeps‑out Exploits                               
                                                                                
  Wire/ess Interceptor Framework for Anomaly Knowledge Extraction               
                                                                                
  Each one emphasizes a different subsystem, not a different promise.           
                                                                                
  Clean UI Pattern (Recommended)                                                
  Homepage Hero                                                                 
  WiFAKE                                                                        
  Quiet protection for your wireless world.                                     
                                                                                
  Then a subtle line underneath that rotates every load or every few            
  seconds:                                                                      
                                                                                
  Also known as:                                                                
  Wire/ess Interceptor Framework for Anomaly Key Extraction                     
                                                                                
  (next refresh…)                                                               
                                                                                
  Also known as:                                                                
  Wire/ess Intercept Framework for Adaptive Key Equalization                    
                                                                                
  This reads as playful and confident.                                          
                                                                                
  FAQ Becomes a Feature                                                         
  You can literally answer the question this way:                               
                                                                                
  Q: What does WiFAKE stand for?                                                
  A:                                                                            
                                                                                
  It depends on which part you’re looking at.                                   
  WiFAKE is a modular system — different components emphasize interception,     
  anomaly detection, key handling, and learning.                                
  The name reflects that.                                                       
                                                                                
  That answer:                                                                  
                                                                                
  feels thoughtful                                                              
                                                                                
  avoids locking you in                                                         
                                                                                
  shuts down pedantic follow‑ups                                                
                                                                                
  Important Guardrails (So It Doesn’t Backfire)                                 
  Keep these rules and you’re golden:                                           
                                                                                
  ✅ All expansions must be true                                                
                                                                                
  ✅ All must map to real functionality                                         
                                                                                
  ❌ Don’t rotate tone wildly (no joke next to legal copy)                      
                                                                                
  ❌ Don’t rotate on pricing or compliance pages                                
                                                                                
  Think of it like rotating taglines, not redefining the product.               
                                                                                
  Big Picture Take                                                              
  What you described isn’t indecision — it’s meta‑humor plus honesty:           
                                                                                
  “People always ask what the name means —                                      
  so we made the name capable of meaning more than one true thing.”             
                                                                                
  That’s actually very on brand for a system that:                              
                                                                                
  watches                                                                       
                                                                                
  adapts                                                                        
                                                                                
  learns                                                                        
                                                                                
  deceives attackers                                                            
                                                                                
  and stays transparent to users                                                
                                                                                
  If you want, next we can:                                                     
                                                                                
  design the exact rotation logic (random, per‑visit, per‑page)                 
                                                                                
  choose which expansions are public vs hidden                                  
                                                                                
  or write the FAQ answer verbatim                                              
                                                                                
  But conceptually?                                                             
  This is a smart, self‑aware move — and it fits WiFAKE perfectly.              
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Show more                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  thepoo1:41 AM                                                                 
  It would look cute even having each word come down from it ...                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  ChatGPT1:41 AM                                                                
  Yeah — that’s actually a really nice visual idea, and it reinforces the       
  whole “multiple true meanings” concept without explaining anything.           
                                                                                
  Here’s how to make it look cute, intentional, and not gimmicky.               
                                                                                
  The Visual Concept (Why It Works)                                             
  You’re not showing an acronym breakdown.                                      
  You’re showing facets of the system.                                          
                                                                                
  Think of WiFAKE as the anchor, and the words as capabilities gently           
  falling out of it.                                                            
                                                                                
  People intuitively read it as:                                                
                                                                                
  “Oh — this thing does a bunch of smart stuff.”                                
                                                                                
  No explanation needed.                                                        
                                                                                
  Clean UI Patterns That Would Look Great                                       
  🧩 Option 1: Vertical Drop (Very “Cute”, Very Clear)                          
  WiFAKE                                                                        
  │                                                                             
  ├─ Wire/ess                                                                   
  ├─ Interceptor                                                                
  ├─ Framework                                                                  
  ├─ Anomaly                                                                    
  ├─ Key                                                                        
  └─ Extraction                                                                 
  Each word fades/slides down one at a time                                     
                                                                                
  Subtle animation on page load                                                 
                                                                                
  No acronyms, no parentheses, no “stands for”                                  
                                                                                
  This reads as descriptive, not nerdy.                                         
                                                                                
  🌱 Option 2: Gentle Cascade (More Playful)                                    
  WiFAKE at the top, bold                                                       
                                                                                
  Words drift down slowly, like tags                                            
                                                                                
  One fades out, another fades in                                               
                                                                                
  Never all at once                                                             
                                                                                
  Example copy nearby:                                                          
                                                                                
  A system made of many parts.                                                  
                                                                                
  That’s it. No over-explaining.                                                
                                                                                
  🧠 Option 3: Hover / Tap Reveal (My Favorite)                                 
  On desktop:                                                                   
                                                                                
  Hover over WiFAKE                                                             
                                                                                
  Words “fall out” or slide down                                                
                                                                                
  On mobile:                                                                    
                                                                                
  Tap once → words appear                                                       
                                                                                
  Tap again → they reshuffle                                                    
                                                                                
  This makes discovery feel intentional and delightful.                         
                                                                                
  Important Design Guardrails (So It Doesn’t Get Weird)                         
  Keep these rules and it stays classy:                                         
                                                                                
  ✅ Same typography for all words                                              
                                                                                
  ✅ Calm motion (300–600ms, ease‑out)                                          
                                                                                
  ❌ No bouncing, spinning, or gimmicks                                         
                                                                                
  ❌ No “W = …” labeling                                                        
                                                                                
  ❌ No explaining sentence next to it                                          
                                                                                
  Let people feel it, not read it.                                              
                                                                                
  Why This Solves the “What Does It Mean?” Problem                              
  Someone asks:                                                                 
                                                                                
  “What does WiFAKE stand for?”                                                 
                                                                                
  You can literally say:                                                        
                                                                                
  “Scroll up.”                                                                  
                                                                                
  That’s elegant.                                                               
                                                                                
  And if they still ask:                                                        
                                                                                
  “It depends which part you’re looking at.”                                    
                                                                                
  That answer suddenly feels designed, not evasive.                             
                                                                                
  If You Want a One‑Line Caption (Optional)                                     
  Just in case you want a tiny helper line under it:                            
                                                                                
  Many parts. One purpose.                                                      
                                                                                
  Built from simple ideas.                                                      
                                                                                
  Protection, piece by piece.                                                   
                                                                                
  A system that adapts.                                                         
                                                                                
  All family‑safe. All human.                                                   
                                                                                
  Bottom line                                                                   
  Yes — do it.                                                                  
                                                                                
  It’s:                                                                         
                                                                                
  visually memorable                                                            
                                                                                
  emotionally friendly                                                          
                                                                                
  technically honest                                                            
                                                                                
  and quietly confident                                                         
                                                                                
  It turns the name into an experience, which is exactly what good products     
  do.                                                                           
                                                                                
● That's a really solid framework you've landed on. The separation is key:      
                                                                                
  Technical truth (internal):                                                   
  Wire/ess Interceptor Framework for Anomaly Key Extraction                     
                                                                                
  Human truth (external):                                                       
  "Quietly finds unusual wireless activity and keeps your network safe."        
                                                                                
  And the rotating/cascading words idea is clever — it turns "what does it      
  mean?" from an awkward FAQ into a visual feature. The words dropping down from
   WiFAKE would feel like you're revealing capabilities, not explaining an      
  acronym.                                                                      
                                                                                
  Something like:                                                               
                                                                                
          WiFAKE                                                                
             │                                                                  
       ┌─────┴─────┐                                                            
       ▼                                                                        
    Wire/ess                                                                    
       ▼                                                                        
   Interceptor                                                                  
       ▼                                                                        
   Framework                                                                    
       ▼                                                                        
    Anomaly                                                                     
       ▼                                                                        
      Key                                                                       
       ▼                                                                        
   Extraction                                                                   
                                                                                
  Each word fading in sequentially on load — subtle, 300-400ms stagger. No "W = 
  " labels. Just the words appearing.                                           
                                                                                
  The rotation of different valid expansions is smart too — it signals the      
  system is multi-faceted without being indecisive.                             
                                                                                
  Want me to help with any implementation? I could:                             
  - Mock up the CSS/JS animation for the word cascade                           
  - Write the different expansion variants for rotation                         
  - Draft the FAQ answer or "About" page copy                                   
                                                                                
  Or are you just capturing the concept for now?                                
                                                                                
❯ Well, I need to have the code in a good place today to demo.   So, This       
  is the main one that runs on a device at the location needing protection.     
  People can also add a shadow device that switches over if an issue            
  comes up.   But, for now, I am trying to have it run on a minimum device      
  like a raspberry pi.  I also have a ESP32 with a USB port.. POE and           
  Ethernet... Bluetooth, and more.   So, we could make those slave devices      
  that use RTL-SDR's and such.   IDK if that one handles a hack RF. .   I       
  would like to incorporate the stuff from ../airgorah too                      
                                                                                
● Let me explore the airgorah project to understand what you're working with.   
                                                                                
● Explore(Explore airgorah codebase)                                            
  ⎿  ❯ Explore the ../airgorah directory to understand:                         
                                                                                
  ⎿  Interrupted · What should Claude do instead?                               
                                                                                
❯ Well, I need to have the code in a good place today to demo.   So, This       
  is the main one that runs on a device at the location needing protection.     
  People can also add a shadow device that switches over if an issue            
  comes up.   But, for now, I am trying to have it run on a minimum device      
  like a raspberry pi.  I also have a ESP32 with a USB port.. POE and           
  Ethernet... Bluetooth, and more.   So, we could make those slave devices      
  that use RTL-SDR's and such.   IDK if that one handles a hack RF. .   I       
  have the ../DSPradio and ../widump as supporting crates I have in the         
  works..  I want them to have the same interfaces..   can you look at them     
  and determine a great way we can the LLM that will be here to call them,      
  change parameters, and more?   Maybe it should also allow future things       
  like zigbee, zwave, and more?                                                 
                                                                                
● Let me explore both projects to understand their current interfaces and design
   a unified approach.                                                          
                                                                                
● Explore(Explore DSPradio codebase)                                            
  ⎿  Done (25 tool uses · 60.9k tokens · 1m 2s)                                 
                                                                                
● Read(src/main.rs)                                                             
  ⎿  Read 418 lines                                                             
                                                                                
● Excellent. Now I have a clear picture of both. Let me create a unified        
  architecture for LLM control.                                                 
                                                                                
● Here's what I see and a proposed unified architecture:                        
                                                                                
  Current State                                                                 
  Project: DSPradio                                                             
  Type: SDR I/Q samples                                                         
  Config Style: URL: rtlsdr://0?freq=1090M&gain=auto                            
  Output: Complex<f32> stream                                                   
  ────────────────────────────────────────                                      
  Project: widump                                                               
  Type: Packet capture                                                          
  Config Style: CLI args: -i eth0 -f 'tcp'                                      
  Output: pcapng blocks                                                         
  Proposed Unified Architecture for WiFAKE                                      
                                                                                
  ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐                   
  │                    WiFAKE Core (LLM)                    │                   
  │                   Liquid AI Model                       │                   
  └─────────────────────┬───────────────────────────────────┘                   
                        │ JSON-RPC / Unix Socket                                
  ┌─────────────────────▼───────────────────────────────────┐                   
  │                   wifake-daemon                         │                   
  │              (Sensor Orchestrator)                      │                   
  ├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤                   
  │  trait Sensor {                                         │                   
  │      fn start(&mut self, config: SensorConfig);         │                   
  │      fn stop(&mut self);                                │                   
  │      fn set_param(&mut self, key: &str, val: Value);    │                   
  │      fn get_status(&self) -> SensorStatus;              │                   
  │      fn subscribe(&self) -> Receiver<SensorEvent>;      │                   
  │  }                                                      │                   
  └───┬─────────┬─────────┬─────────┬─────────┬────────────┘                    
      │         │         │         │         │                                 
  ┌───▼───┐ ┌───▼───┐ ┌───▼───┐ ┌───▼───┐ ┌───▼───┐                             
  │WiFi   │ │SDR    │ │BT     │ │Zigbee │ │Z-Wave │                             
  │Monitor│ │Source │ │Sniff  │ │(future)│ │(future)│                           
  │widump │ │DSPradio│ │       │ │       │ │       │                            
  └───────┘ └───────┘ └───────┘ └───────┘ └───────┘                             
                                                                                
  Unified Config Style (URL-based, like DSPradio)                               
                                                                                
  // WiFi capture                                                               
  "wifi://eth0?filter=tcp+port+80&rotate=60s&mode=local"                        
  "wifi://any?mode=client&server=192.168.1.1:12345"                             
                                                                                
  // SDR                                                                        
  "rtlsdr://0?freq=433M&rate=2M&gain=auto"                                      
  "hackrf://0?freq=915M&rate=10M"                                               
                                                                                
  // Future                                                                     
  "zigbee://0?channel=15"                                                       
  "zwave://0?region=us"                                                         
  "bluetooth://hci0?mode=le_scan"                                               
                                                                                
  LLM Command Protocol (JSON-RPC)                                               
                                                                                
  // Start a sensor                                                             
  {"method": "sensor.start", "params": {"uri": "wifi://eth0?filter=tcp"}, "id": 
  1}                                                                            
                                                                                
  // Change parameter on the fly                                                
  {"method": "sensor.set", "params": {"id": "wifi-0", "key": "filter", "value": 
  "udp"}, "id": 2}                                                              
                                                                                
  // Get status                                                                 
  {"method": "sensor.status", "params": {"id": "wifi-0"}, "id": 3}              
                                                                                
  // List all sensors                                                           
  {"method": "sensor.list", "id": 4}                                            
                                                                                
  // Subscribe to events (alerts, anomalies)                                    
  {"method": "events.subscribe", "params": {"types": ["anomaly", "intrusion"]}, 
  "id": 5}                                                                      
                                                                                
  Quick Implementation Path for Demo                                            
                                                                                
  For today's demo, the simplest path:                                          
                                                                                
  1. Create a thin wrapper crate wifake-core that:                              
    - Re-exports widump capture functionality as a library                      
    - Re-exports dsp_radio as-is                                                
    - Adds a simple JSON command interface over stdin/stdout or Unix socket     
  2. Minimal daemon that the LLM talks to:                                      
                                                                                
  // wifake-daemon/src/main.rs                                                  
  enum Command {                                                                
      StartWifi { interface: String, filter: Option<String> },                  
      StartSdr { uri: String },                                                 
      Stop { sensor_id: String },                                               
      SetParam { sensor_id: String, key: String, value: String },               
      Status,                                                                   
  }                                                                             
                                                                                
  Do you want me to:                                                            
  1. Start scaffolding the unified crate with the trait definitions?            
  2. Add a JSON-RPC interface to widump first as a stepping stone?              
  3. Create a simple demo script that shows the LLM controlling both?           
                                                                                
  What's your priority for the demo today?                                      
                                                                                
✻ Baked for 1m 51s                                                              
                                                                                
❯ ╭─── Claude Code v2.1.12 ────────────────────────────────────────────────     
  ──────────────────────────────────╮                                           
  │                                                    │ Recent activity        
  │                                                                             
  │               Welcome back Dratopher!              │ No recent activity     
  │                                                                             
  │                                                    │                        
  ──────────────────────────────                      │                         
  │                                                    │ 3 guest passes         
  │                                                                             
  │                       ▐▛███▜▌                      │                        
  │                                                                             
  │                      ▝▜█████▛▘                     │ [✻] [✻] [✻]            
  │                                                                             
  │                        ▘▘ ▝▝                       │                        
  │                                                                             
  │   Opus 4.5 · Claude Max · ca@8b.is's Organization  │ Share Claude Code      
  with friends                      │                                           
  │                 ~/Developer/widump                 │ /passes                
  │                                                                             
  ╰────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────     
  ──────────────────────────────────╯                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
  ❯ /init                                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  ● I'll analyze this codebase and improve the existing CLAUDE.md file. Let     
  me first explore the repository                                               
  structure and understand the codebase better.                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  ● Explore(Explore codebase architecture)                                      
                                                                                
  ⎿  Done (16 tool uses · 55.7k tokens · 47s)                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  ● Read(CLAUDE.md)                                                             
                                                                                
  ⎿  Read 69 lines                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  ● Read(README.md)                                                             
                                                                                
  ⎿  Read 134 lines                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  ● I now have a comprehensive understanding of the codebase. The existing      
  CLAUDE.md is already quite good but                                           
  could be improved with a few additions. Let me enhance it with:               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  1. More detail on the packet printing feature (which wasn't documented)       
                                                                                
  2. The CLI time flags (-t, -tt, etc.)                                         
                                                                                
  3. Some additional context about the global state and error handling          
  patterns                                                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
  ● Update(CLAUDE.md)                                                           
                                                                                
  ⎿  Added 7 lines, removed 1 line                                              
                                                                                
  50  - 4 bytes length (big-endian u32) + bincode-encoded                       
  `PcapNgTransport`                                                             
  51  - Simple password authentication before streaming                         
                                                                                
  52                                                                            
                                                                                
  53 +**Split rules** (`split.rs`): Four variants - `SplitRuleNone`             
  (no rotation), `SplitRuleRota                                                 
  +te` (time-based), `SplitRuleFileSize`, `SplitRuleCount`. All                 
  implement buffered writes (~10                                                
  +0 packets) and proper pcapng header generation for each new                  
  file.                                                                         
  54 +                                                                          
                                                                                
  55 +**Packet printing**: When no `-w` file is specified, packets              
  print to console via `PacketPr                                                
  +inter` in `main.rs`. Time display modes: `-t` (none), `-tt`                  
  (epoch), `-ttt` (delta from pre                                               
  +vious), `-tttt` (human-readable), `-ttttt` (delta from first).               
  Flags `-S` shows raw TCP seq                                                  
  +uence numbers, `-e` shows Ethernet layer.                                    
                                                                                
  56 +                                                                          
                                                                                
  57 +**Global state**: Uses `LazyLock<Arc<Mutex<>>>` for thread-safe           
  packet counters (`PACKETS_C                                                   
  +APTURED`, `PACKETS_SERVER_TOTAL_RECVED`). Statistics logged on               
  Ctrl+C via `ctrlc` handler.                                                   
  58 +                                                                          
                                                                                
  59  ## Key Dependencies                                                       
                                                                                
  60                                                                            
                                                                                
  61  - `pcapture` - Packet capture wrapper (project's own crate)               
                                                                                
  ...                                                                           
                                                                                
  67  ## Feature Flags                                                          
                                                                                
  68                                                                            
                                                                                
  69  - `libpnet` (default) - Use libpnet for capture                           
                                                                                
  64 -- `libpcap` - Use libpcap for capture (requires libpcap                   
  installed)                                                                    
  70 +- `libpcap` - Use libpcap for capture (requires libpcap                   
  installed). Supports "any" pseudo-d                                           
  +evice.                                                                       
                                                                                
  71                                                                            
                                                                                
  72  ## Windows Development                                                    
                                                                                
  73                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  ● I've updated the CLAUDE.md file with the following improvements:            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Added:                                                                        
                                                                                
  1. Split rules documentation - Explains the four SplitRule variants and       
  their buffered write behavior                                                 
  2. Packet printing feature - Documents the console output mode when no        
  file is specified, including the                                              
  time display flags (-t through -ttttt) and -S/-e options                      
                                                                                
  3. Global state patterns - Documents the LazyLock<Arc<Mutex<>>> pattern       
  used for thread-safe counters and                                             
  the Ctrl+C statistics logging                                                 
                                                                                
  4. libpcap note - Added that libpcap supports the "any" pseudo-device         
  (which libpnet doesn't)                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
  The file now provides better guidance on:                                     
                                                                                
  - The internals of split.rs which is the largest file (1248 lines)            
                                                                                
  - The packet printing functionality in main.rs which wasn't documented        
                                                                                
  - The concurrency patterns used for global state                              
                                                                                
  - Feature flag differences                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  ✻ Crunched for 1m 19s                                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────     
  ───────────────────────────────────                                           
  ❯ So, I almost want to make this a daemon that can run on a Pi like the       
  one we are on.   It is only on                                                
  when called via an LLM.  It needs to advertise the service via Avahi.         
  Because this can be stand alone                                               
  from it's planned ../wifake server.   Allows the LLM on wifake to             
  investigate network issues.  We need                                          
  levels of interest.   and ways to summarize data here.   Getting an MP4       
  movie is not what an LLM really                                               
  wants..   And if not mostly processed here.. A lot of data it doesn't         
  need.                                                                         
  ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────     
  ───────────────────────────────────                                           
  ⏵⏵ bypass permissions on (shift+tab to cycle)                                 
  ⧉ In Cargo.lock                                                               
                                                                                
● That's the right thinking. The LLM needs intelligence, not data. Let me sketch
   the daemon architecture.                                                     
                                                                                
● Proposed Architecture: widump-daemon                                          
                                                                                
  ┌────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐                
  │                    wifake server (LLM)                     │                
  │                   "What's happening?"                      │                
  └──────────────────────────┬─────────────────────────────────┘                
                             │ JSON-RPC over TCP                                
                             │ (discovered via Avahi)                           
  ┌──────────────────────────▼─────────────────────────────────┐                
  │                    widump-daemon (Pi)                      │                
  ├────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤                
  │  ┌─────────────┐  ┌─────────────┐  ┌─────────────────────┐ │                
  │  │  Capture    │→ │  Analyzer   │→ │  Interest Filter    │ │                
  │  │  Engine     │  │  Pipeline   │  │  (what LLM cares    │ │                
  │  │  (existing) │  │             │  │   about)            │ │                
  │  └─────────────┘  └─────────────┘  └──────────┬──────────┘ │                
  │                                               ▼            │                
  │  ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐   │                
  │  │                  Summary Store                      │   │                
  │  │  - Flow tables (not packets)                        │   │                
  │  │  - Device inventory                                 │   │                
  │  │  - Anomaly queue                                    │   │                
  │  │  - Stats windows (1m, 5m, 1h)                       │   │                
  │  └─────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘   │                
  ├────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤                
  │  Avahi: _widump._tcp  "WiFAKE Network Sensor"              │                
  └────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘                
                                                                                
  Interest Levels (what the LLM actually wants)                                 
  Level: 0                                                                      
  Name: critical                                                                
  What it contains: Active attacks, deauth floods, rogue APs, ARP spoofing      
  When to send: Immediately, push                                               
  ────────────────────────────────────────                                      
  Level: 1                                                                      
  Name: alert                                                                   
  What it contains: New unknown device, port scan detected, unusual protocol    
  When to send: Push within 5s                                                  
  ────────────────────────────────────────                                      
  Level: 2                                                                      
  Name: change                                                                  
  What it contains: Device left/joined, service started/stopped                 
  When to send: On request or periodic                                          
  ────────────────────────────────────────                                      
  Level: 3                                                                      
  Name: summary                                                                 
  What it contains: Traffic stats, top talkers, protocol distribution           
  When to send: On request                                                      
  ────────────────────────────────────────                                      
  Level: 4                                                                      
  Name: debug                                                                   
  What it contains: Specific packet details, raw pcap slice                     
  When to send: Only when LLM asks                                              
  What the LLM asks for (not raw data)                                          
                                                                                
  // "What's happening on the network?"                                         
  {"method": "summary", "params": {"window": "5m"}}                             
  → {                                                                           
      "devices": 12,                                                            
      "new_devices": ["aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:ff"],                                     
      "top_talkers": [{"ip": "192.168.1.50", "bytes": 1240000}],                
      "protocols": {"tcp": 0.72, "udp": 0.25, "other": 0.03},                   
      "anomalies": []                                                           
    }                                                                           
                                                                                
  // "Any threats?"                                                             
  {"method": "alerts", "params": {"since": "2m"}}                               
  → {"alerts": []}                                                              
                                                                                
  // "Tell me about this device"                                                
  {"method": "device.profile", "params": {"mac": "aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:ff"}}          
  → {                                                                           
      "mac": "aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:ff",                                               
      "vendor": "Apple",                                                        
      "first_seen": "2026-01-19T10:30:00Z",                                     
      "ips": ["192.168.1.42"],                                                  
      "services": ["tcp/443", "tcp/22"],                                        
      "traffic_pattern": "normal_client"                                        
    }                                                                           
                                                                                
  // "Watch for anything from this IP"                                          
  {"method": "watch.add", "params": {"ip": "192.168.1.100", "level": "debug"}}  
                                                                                
  // "Capture next 10 packets matching this"  (rare, debug only)                
  {"method": "capture.sample", "params": {"filter": "tcp port 80", "count": 10}}
                                                                                
  Local Processing (what stays on the Pi)                                       
                                                                                
  Instead of sending packets, the daemon maintains:                             
                                                                                
  struct NetworkState {                                                         
      // Flows, not packets                                                     
      flows: HashMap<FlowKey, FlowStats>,  // (src, dst, proto, ports) → stats  
                                                                                
      // Device inventory                                                       
      devices: HashMap<MacAddr, DeviceProfile>,                                 
                                                                                
      // Rolling windows                                                        
      stats_1m: WindowStats,                                                    
      stats_5m: WindowStats,                                                    
      stats_1h: WindowStats,                                                    
                                                                                
      // Alert queue (push to LLM)                                              
      alerts: VecDeque<Alert>,                                                  
                                                                                
      // Watch list (LLM-defined)                                               
      watches: Vec<WatchRule>,                                                  
  }                                                                             
                                                                                
  Minimal Changes to Existing Code                                              
                                                                                
  The current widump stays mostly intact. We add:                               
                                                                                
  src/                                                                          
  ├── main.rs          (add --daemon flag)                                      
  ├── local.rs         (unchanged)                                              
  ├── client.rs        (unchanged)                                              
  ├── server.rs        (unchanged)                                              
  ├── split.rs         (unchanged)                                              
  ├── daemon/          (NEW)                                                    
  │   ├── mod.rs       (daemon entry point)                                     
  │   ├── analyzer.rs  (packet → flow/summary)                                  
  │   ├── state.rs     (NetworkState)                                           
  │   ├── rpc.rs       (JSON-RPC server)                                        
  │   └── avahi.rs     (service advertisement)                                  
                                                                                
  For Today's Demo                                                              
                                                                                
  Simplest path to show the concept:                                            
                                                                                
  1. Add --daemon mode that starts a JSON-RPC server on port 12346              
  2. Basic /summary endpoint that returns device count + top IPs                
  3. Avahi advertisement using libmdns or shell out to avahi-publish            
                                                                                
  Want me to start scaffolding this? I can get a minimal daemon mode working    
  that:                                                                         
  - Listens on a port                                                           
  - Advertises via Avahi                                                        
  - Returns basic network summaries                                             
  - The LLM on wifake can discover and query it                                 
                                                                                
✻ Cooked for 45s                                                                
                                                                                
❯ People can add sensor devices all over too.  ESP32 devices too.  We can       
  plug them into the main server's usb and it will program and set them up.     
  They can just be a bluetooth sensor or whatever.. Or temp, light,             
  etc..   They also have screens.  I have a lot of these..  from POE ones       
  to waveshare LED touch screens.  Maybe even cast to a screen a security       
  alert with our ../oxicast                                                     
                                                                                
● This is becoming a full sensor mesh. Let me understand oxicast and then map   
  out the complete ecosystem.                                                   
                                                                                
● Explore(Explore oxicast codebase)                                             
  ⎿  Done (26 tool uses · 58.4k tokens · 1m 0s)                                 
                                                                                
● This is clicking into a full ecosystem. Let me map the complete WiFAKE        
  architecture:                                                                 
                                                                                
  WiFAKE Ecosystem                                                              
                                                                                
                           ┌──────────────────────────────────────┐             
                           │         wifake server                │             
                           │    ┌──────────────────────┐          │             
                           │    │   Liquid AI (LLM)    │          │             
                           │    │   "The Brain"        │          │             
                           │    └──────────┬───────────┘          │             
                           │               │                      │             
                           │    ┌──────────▼───────────┐          │             
                           │    │   Sensor Aggregator  │          │             
                           │    │   + Alert Engine     │          │             
                           │    └──────────┬───────────┘          │             
                           │               │                      │             
                           │    ┌──────────▼───────────┐          │             
                           │    │   USB Provisioner    │◄─────────┼──── Plug in 
  ESP32                                                                         
                           │    │   (auto-flash)       │          │     →       
  auto-detect                                                                   
                           │    └──────────────────────┘          │     → flash 
  firmware                                                                      
                           └───────────────┬──────────────────────┘     →       
  configure                                                                     
                                           │                            → join  
  mesh                                                                          
                ┌──────────────────────────┼──────────────────────────┐         
                │                          │                          │         
                ▼                          ▼                          ▼         
      ┌─────────────────┐      ┌─────────────────┐        ┌─────────────────┐   
      │  widump-daemon  │      │  dsp-radio      │        │  ESP32 sensors  │   
      │  (Pi/network)   │      │  (SDR/RF)       │        │  (mesh nodes)   │   
      │                 │      │                 │        │                 │   
      │ • WiFi monitor  │      │ • RTL-SDR       │        │ • Bluetooth     │   
      │ • Packet capture│      │ • HackRF        │        │ • Temp/humidity │   
      │ • Flow analysis │      │ • 433MHz/915MHz │        │ • Light/motion  │   
      │ • Anomaly detect│      │ • Spectrum scan │        │ • Door/window   │   
      └────────┬────────┘      └────────┬────────┘        └────────┬────────┘   
               │                        │                          │            
               │         Avahi/mDNS: _wifake._tcp                  │            
               └────────────────────────┼──────────────────────────┘            
                                        │                                       
                                        ▼                                       
                           ┌──────────────────────────┐                         
                           │       oxicast            │                         
                           │   (display casting)      │                         
                           │                          │                         
                           │ • Security alerts        │                         
                           │ • Status dashboards      │                         
                           │ • Intruder warnings      │                         
                           └──────────────────────────┘                         
                                        │                                       
                ┌───────────────────────┼───────────────────────┐               
                ▼                       ▼                       ▼               
      ┌─────────────────┐    ┌─────────────────┐    ┌─────────────────┐         
      │ ESP32 + Screen  │    │ Waveshare Touch │    │ TV/Chromecast   │         
      │ (door warning)  │    │ (status panel)  │    │ (main display)  │         
      └─────────────────┘    └─────────────────┘    └─────────────────┘         
                                                                                
  USB Auto-Provisioning Flow                                                    
                                                                                
  1. Plug ESP32 into wifake server USB                                          
             │                                                                  
             ▼                                                                  
  2. udev rule detects new device                                               
     → identifies ESP32 variant (S3, C3, etc.)                                  
             │                                                                  
             ▼                                                                  
  3. Provisioner asks: "What type of sensor?"                                   
     (or auto-detects from hardware: has screen? has temp sensor?)              
             │                                                                  
             ▼                                                                  
  4. Flash appropriate firmware:                                                
     • wifake-sensor-bt.bin    (Bluetooth scanner)                              
     • wifake-sensor-env.bin   (Temp/humidity/light)                            
     • wifake-display.bin      (Screen for alerts)                              
     • wifake-sdr-bridge.bin   (RTL-SDR USB host)                               
             │                                                                  
             ▼                                                                  
  5. Configure via serial:                                                      
     • WiFi credentials                                                         
     • Server address (or use mDNS)                                             
     • Sensor ID / location name                                                
             │                                                                  
             ▼                                                                  
  6. Device reboots, joins mesh, advertises via mDNS                            
                                                                                
  Unified Sensor Protocol                                                       
                                                                                
  All sensors speak the same language to the server:                            
                                                                                
  // Sensor registration (on boot)                                              
  {                                                                             
    "type": "register",                                                         
    "sensor_id": "esp32-kitchen-01",                                            
    "capabilities": ["bluetooth", "temperature", "humidity"],                   
    "firmware": "wifake-sensor-env-1.2.0"                                       
  }                                                                             
                                                                                
  // Periodic heartbeat + data                                                  
  {                                                                             
    "type": "data",                                                             
    "sensor_id": "esp32-kitchen-01",                                            
    "readings": {                                                               
      "temperature": 22.5,                                                      
      "humidity": 45,                                                           
      "bt_devices_seen": 3                                                      
    },                                                                          
    "timestamp": 1737312000                                                     
  }                                                                             
                                                                                
  // Alert (pushed immediately)                                                 
  {                                                                             
    "type": "alert",                                                            
    "sensor_id": "widump-pi-01",                                                
    "level": "critical",                                                        
    "category": "intrusion",                                                    
    "summary": "Deauth attack detected on AP 'HomeNetwork'",                    
    "details": {...}                                                            
  }                                                                             
                                                                                
  For Today's Demo                                                              
                                                                                
  What pieces do you want working?                                              
                                                                                
  1. widump daemon mode - Pi captures, summarizes, exposes JSON-RPC             
  2. Avahi advertisement - Server discovers sensors                             
  3. Basic alert → oxicast - Security event shows on screen                     
  4. ESP32 provisioning - Plug-and-flash concept                                
                                                                                
  I'd suggest starting with widump daemon + Avahi since that's the core sensing 
  piece. Then wire up one alert path to oxicast to show the full loop.          
                                                                                
  Which piece should I start coding?                                            
                                                                                
✻ Brewed for 1m 45s                                                             
                                                                                
❯ Would you mind adding that to TECHNICAL please?  And then  maybe we           
  should hive it up for the different parts?                                    
                                                                                
● Read(~/Developer/wifake/TECHNICAL.md)                                         
  ⎿  Read 53 lines                                                              
                                                                                
● Search(pattern: "/home/aye/Developer/wifake/**/*.md")                         
  ⎿  Found 3 files (ctrl+o to expand)                                           
                                                                                
● Update(~/Developer/wifake/TECHNICAL.md)                                       
  ⎿  Added 167 lines                                                            
       50  *   **RTL-SDR**: For dedicated ISM/TPMS monitoring.                  
       51  *   **WiFi Adapter**: Must support Monitor Mode (e.g., Atheros       
            AR9271).                                                            
       52  *   **Bluetooth Adapter**: Standard BLE-capable adapter.             
       53 +                                                                     
       54 +---                                                                  
       55 +                                                                     
       56 +## WiFAKE Ecosystem Architecture                                     
       57 +                                                                     
       58 +WiFAKE operates as a distributed sensor mesh with a central in       
          +telligence server. The name stands for **W**ireless **I**nterc       
          +eptor **F**ramework for **A**nomaly **K**ey **E**xtraction.          
       59 +                                                                     
       60 +### System Topology                                                  
       61 +                                                                     
       62 +```                                                                  
       63 +                         ┌────────────────────────────────────       
          +──┐                                                                  
       64 +                         │         wifake server                     
          +  │                                                                  
       65 +                         │    ┌──────────────────────┐               
          +  │                                                                  
       66 +                         │    │   Liquid AI (LLM)    │               
          +  │                                                                  
       67 +                         │    │   "The Brain"        │               
          +  │                                                                  
       68 +                         │    └──────────┬───────────┘               
          +  │                                                                  
       69 +                         │               │                           
          +  │                                                                  
       70 +                         │    ┌──────────▼───────────┐               
          +  │                                                                  
       71 +                         │    │   Sensor Aggregator  │               
          +  │                                                                  
       72 +                         │    │   + Alert Engine     │               
          +  │                                                                  
       73 +                         │    └──────────┬───────────┘               
          +  │                                                                  
       74 +                         │               │                           
          +  │                                                                  
       75 +                         │    ┌──────────▼───────────┐               
          +  │                                                                  
       76 +                         │    │   USB Provisioner    │◄───────       
          +──┼──── Plug in ESP32                                                
       77 +                         │    │   (auto-flash)       │               
          +  │     → auto-detect                                                
       78 +                         │    └──────────────────────┘               
          +  │     → flash firmware                                             
       79 +                         └───────────────┬────────────────────       
          +──┘     → configure                                                  
       80 +                                         │                           
          +        → join mesh                                                  
       81 +              ┌──────────────────────────┼────────────────────       
          +──────┐                                                              
       82 +              │                          │                           
          +      │                                                              
       83 +              ▼                          ▼                           
          +      ▼                                                              
       84 +    ┌─────────────────┐      ┌─────────────────┐        ┌─────       
          +────────────┐                                                        
       85 +    │  widump-daemon  │      │  dsp-radio      │        │  ESP       
          +32 sensors  │                                                        
       86 +    │  (Pi/network)   │      │  (SDR/RF)       │        │  (me       
          +sh nodes)   │                                                        
       87 +    │                 │      │                 │        │            
          +            │                                                        
       88 +    │ • WiFi monitor  │      │ • RTL-SDR       │        │ • Bl       
          +uetooth     │                                                        
       89 +    │ • Packet capture│      │ • HackRF        │        │ • Te       
          +mp/humidity │                                                        
       90 +    │ • Flow analysis │      │ • 433MHz/915MHz │        │ • Li       
          +ght/motion  │                                                        
       91 +    │ • Anomaly detect│      │ • Spectrum scan │        │ • Do       
          +or/window   │                                                        
       92 +    └────────┬────────┘      └────────┬────────┘        └─────       
          +───┬────────┘                                                        
       93 +             │                        │                              
          +   │                                                                 
       94 +             │         Avahi/mDNS: _wifake._tcp                      
          +   │                                                                 
       95 +             └────────────────────────┼───────────────────────       
          +───┘                                                                 
       96 +                                      │                              
       97 +                                      ▼                              
       98 +                         ┌──────────────────────────┐                
       99 +                         │       oxicast            │                
      100 +                         │   (display casting)      │                
      101 +                         │                          │                
      102 +                         │ • Security alerts        │                
      103 +                         │ • Status dashboards      │                
      104 +                         │ • Intruder warnings      │                
      105 +                         └──────────────────────────┘                
      106 +                                      │                              
      107 +              ┌───────────────────────┼───────────────────────       
          +┐                                                                    
      108 +              ▼                       ▼                              
          +▼                                                                    
      109 +    ┌─────────────────┐    ┌─────────────────┐    ┌───────────       
          +──────┐                                                              
      110 +    │ ESP32 + Screen  │    │ Waveshare Touch │    │ TV/Chromec       
          +ast   │                                                              
      111 +    │ (door warning)  │    │ (status panel)  │    │ (main disp       
          +lay)  │                                                              
      112 +    └─────────────────┘    └─────────────────┘    └───────────       
          +──────┘                                                              
      113 +```                                                                  
      114 +                                                                     
      115 +### Component Repositories                                           
      116 +                                                                     
      117 +| Component | Repository | Purpose |                                 
      118 +|-----------|------------|---------|                                 
      119 +| **wifake** | `../wifake` | Central server, LLM brain, sensor       
          + aggregation |                                                       
      120 +| **widump** | `../widump` | Network packet capture daemon |         
      121 +| **DSPradio** | `../DSPradio` | SDR I/Q source abstraction |        
      122 +| **oxicast** | `../oxicast` | Display casting and alerts |          
      123 +                                                                     
      124 +### Interest Levels                                                  
      125 +                                                                     
      126 +Sensors filter data locally and only send what matters to the        
          +LLM:                                                                 
      127 +                                                                     
      128 +| Level | Name | Content | Delivery |                                
      129 +|-------|------|---------|----------|                                
      130 +| **0** | `critical` | Active attacks, deauth floods, rogue AP       
          +s, ARP spoofing | Push immediately |                                 
      131 +| **1** | `alert` | New unknown device, port scan, unusual pro       
          +tocol | Push within 5s |                                             
      132 +| **2** | `change` | Device joined/left, service started/stopp       
          +ed | On request or periodic |                                        
      133 +| **3** | `summary` | Traffic stats, top talkers, protocol dis       
          +tribution | On request |                                             
      134 +| **4** | `debug` | Specific packet details, raw pcap slice |        
          +Only when LLM asks |                                                 
      135 +                                                                     
      136 +### Unified Sensor Protocol                                          
      137 +                                                                     
      138 +All sensors communicate with the server using a common JSON pr       
          +otocol:                                                              
      139 +                                                                     
      140 +```json                                                              
      141 +// Sensor registration (on boot)                                     
      142 +{                                                                    
      143 +  "type": "register",                                                
      144 +  "sensor_id": "esp32-kitchen-01",                                   
      145 +  "capabilities": ["bluetooth", "temperature", "humidity"],          
      146 +  "firmware": "wifake-sensor-env-1.2.0"                              
      147 +}                                                                    
      148 +                                                                     
      149 +// Periodic heartbeat + data                                         
      150 +{                                                                    
      151 +  "type": "data",                                                    
      152 +  "sensor_id": "esp32-kitchen-01",                                   
      153 +  "readings": {                                                      
      154 +    "temperature": 22.5,                                             
      155 +    "humidity": 45,                                                  
      156 +    "bt_devices_seen": 3                                             
      157 +  },                                                                 
      158 +  "timestamp": 1737312000                                            
      159 +}                                                                    
      160 +                                                                     
      161 +// Alert (pushed immediately)                                        
      162 +{                                                                    
      163 +  "type": "alert",                                                   
      164 +  "sensor_id": "widump-pi-01",                                       
      165 +  "level": "critical",                                               
      166 +  "category": "intrusion",                                           
      167 +  "summary": "Deauth attack detected on AP 'HomeNetwork'",           
      168 +  "details": {...}                                                   
      169 +}                                                                    
      170 +```                                                                  
      171 +                                                                     
      172 +### USB Auto-Provisioning                                            
      173 +                                                                     
      174 +When an ESP32 is plugged into the wifake server:                     
      175 +                                                                     
      176 +1. **Detection**: udev rule identifies ESP32 variant (S3, C3,        
          +etc.)                                                                
      177 +2. **Classification**: Auto-detect hardware (screen? sensors?)       
          + or prompt                                                           
      178 +3. **Flash**: Upload appropriate firmware:                           
      179 +   - `wifake-sensor-bt.bin` - Bluetooth scanner                      
      180 +   - `wifake-sensor-env.bin` - Environmental sensors                 
      181 +   - `wifake-display.bin` - Alert display screen                     
      182 +   - `wifake-sdr-bridge.bin` - RTL-SDR USB host                      
      183 +4. **Configure**: Serial provisioning (WiFi creds, server addr       
          +, location)                                                          
      184 +5. **Join**: Device reboots, advertises via mDNS, joins mesh         
      185 +                                                                     
      186 +### Service Discovery                                                
      187 +                                                                     
      188 +All components advertise via Avahi/mDNS:                             
      189 +                                                                     
      190 +| Service | Type | Purpose |                                         
      191 +|---------|------|---------|                                         
      192 +| WiFAKE Server | `_wifake._tcp` | Central aggregator |              
      193 +| widump Sensor | `_widump._tcp` | Network capture node |            
      194 +| DSPradio Broker | `_dspradio._tcp` | SDR source broker |           
      195 +| oxicast Display | `_oxicast._tcp` | Display receiver |             
      196 +                                                                     
      197 +### LLM Query Interface                                              
      198 +                                                                     
      199 +The LLM interacts with sensors via JSON-RPC:                         
      200 +                                                                     
      201 +```json                                                              
      202 +// "What's happening on the network?"                                
      203 +{"method": "summary", "params": {"window": "5m"}}                    
      204 +                                                                     
      205 +// "Any threats?"                                                    
      206 +{"method": "alerts", "params": {"since": "2m"}}                      
      207 +                                                                     
      208 +// "Tell me about this device"                                       
      209 +{"method": "device.profile", "params": {"mac": "aa:bb:cc:dd:ee       
          +:ff"}}                                                               
      210 +                                                                     
      211 +// "Watch for anything from this IP"                                 
      212 +{"method": "watch.add", "params": {"ip": "192.168.1.100", "lev       
          +el": "debug"}}                                                       
      213 +```                                                                  
      214 +                                                                     
      215 +See component-specific documentation:                                
      216 +- [widump Daemon](docs/widump-daemon.md)                             
      217 +- [DSPradio Integration](docs/dspradio-integration.md)               
      218 +- [ESP32 Sensors](docs/esp32-sensors.md)                             
      219 +- [oxicast Alerts](docs/oxicast-alerts.md)                           
                                                                                
● Now let me create the docs folder with the component-specific docs:           
                                                                                
● Bash(mkdir -p /home/aye/Developer/wifake/docs)                                
  ⎿  (No content)                                                               
                                                                                
● Write(~/Developer/wifake/docs/widump-daemon.md)                               
  ⎿  Wrote 117 lines to ../wifake/docs/widump-daemon.md                         
      1 # widump Daemon                                                         
      2 Network packet capture sensor for the WiFAKE ecosystem.                 
      3 ## Overview                                                             
      4 widump runs as a daemon on Raspberry Pi or similar devices, captu       
        ring network traffic and providing summarized intelligence to the       
         central wifake server.                                                 
      5 ## Modes                                                                
     … +107 lines (ctrl+o to expand)                                            
                                                                                
● Write(~/Developer/wifake/docs/dspradio-integration.md)                        
  ⎿  Wrote 91 lines to ../wifake/docs/dspradio-integration.md                   
      1 # DSPradio Integration                                                  
      2 SDR I/Q source abstraction for the WiFAKE ecosystem.                    
      3 ## Overview                                                             
      4 DSPradio provides a unified interface for reading I/Q samples fro       
        m multiple SDR devices. It normalizes all output to `Complex<f32>       
        ` regardless of source format.                                          
      5 ## Supported Devices                                                    
     … +81 lines (ctrl+o to expand)                                             
                                                                                
● Write(~/Developer/wifake/docs/esp32-sensors.md)                               
  ⎿  Wrote 130 lines to ../wifake/docs/esp32-sensors.md                         
      1 # ESP32 Sensors                                                         
      2 Lightweight sensor nodes for the WiFAKE mesh.                           
      3 ## Overview                                                             
      4 ESP32 devices serve as distributed sensors throughout a protected       
         space. They're auto-provisioned when plugged into the wifake ser       
        ver's USB port.                                                         
      5 ## Supported Hardware                                                   
     … +120 lines (ctrl+o to expand)                                            
                                                                                
● Write(~/Developer/wifake/docs/oxicast-alerts.md)                              
  ⎿  Wrote 163 lines to ../wifake/docs/oxicast-alerts.md                        
      1 # oxicast Alerts                                                        
      2 Display casting for security alerts in the WiFAKE ecosystem.            
      3 ## Overview                                                             
      4 oxicast pushes security alerts and status information to displays       
         throughout a protected space. It supports ESP32 screens, Wavesha       
        re displays, TVs via Chromecast, and more.                              
      5 ## Supported Displays                                                   
     … +153 lines (ctrl+o to expand)                                            
                                                                                
● Done. Here's what I created:                                                  
                                                                                
  Updated TECHNICAL.md with:                                                    
  - System topology diagram (full ecosystem)                                    
  - Component repository table                                                  
  - Interest levels (0-4 for data filtering)                                    
  - Unified sensor protocol (JSON)                                              
  - USB auto-provisioning flow                                                  
  - Service discovery (Avahi types)                                             
  - LLM query interface examples                                                
                                                                                
  Created docs/ folder with component docs:                                     
                                                                                
  wifake/docs/                                                                  
  ├── widump-daemon.md      # Network sensor daemon, JSON-RPC interface         
  ├── dspradio-integration.md   # SDR sources, URL config, DSP pipeline         
  ├── esp32-sensors.md      # Sensor nodes, auto-provisioning, firmware variants
  └── oxicast-alerts.md     # Display casting, alert protocol, MCP tools        
                                                                                
  Each doc covers:                                                              
  - Overview and purpose                                                        
  - Configuration format                                                        
  - JSON-RPC/protocol interface                                                 
  - Integration points with wifake                                              
  - Repository reference                                                        
                                                                                
  The docs are linked from TECHNICAL.md so future devs (or Claude instances) can
   navigate to the specific component they need.                                
                                                                                
  Want me to start implementing any of this? The daemon mode for widump would be
   the logical starting point since that's core sensing.                        
                                                                                
✻ Crunched for 2m 34s                                                           

